how many have you already used?
besides you're not married
if they architect on you, it's not good
I opened half this
You are good at using this
you would be ■
□
Where did you get this opportunity?
Here
Every man should use it
if costume it yesterday
That company would work
I'll come and shake your head.
I don't need a cold.
I'm fine.
But I'm not interested in this.
Let's have a play or something.
I'd like to ask you to teach me.
Come to my house. I'll teach you.
Goodbye.
He's a good man.
I'm a good man, but I don't like him.
I'll take you to the Dashi-Nika tonight.
You'll be very happy.
Good evening.
The door is open.
I promised you.
You're a good man.
I'll take you to the Dashi-Nika tonight.
I'll close the door.
You'll open it.
I'll close it.
You'll be very happy.
I'll open it from that time.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's going on.
The door is too bright.
I don't need it because it's bright.
Close your eyes and look inside.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what to do.
Let's shake hands.
Shake hands are not enough.
It's getting hot.
If it gets hot, you can take it off and put it in the soldier's mouth.
That's not a voice.
I'm sorry.
It's hot.
It's warm.
It's cold.
You'll understand when you get cold.
My body is sweating.
I see.
I don't want to do anything wrong.
Yay.
I'm so happy.
I'm happy.
I see.
I'm so happy.
I'll do it.
I'm sorry.
You didn't have a match.
I don't have a match.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, but I can't wait any longer.
I'll be back in a few days.